# MetaUrbanConn
This repo will serve as a living document to track changes and version-control softwares, packages, and code. It will contain data files, code (and packages), and documentation of rationale for the planned meta-analysis on urban landscape connectivity.

## ReadMe/Meta-data best practices:
- Include package version information and any external software used
- Describe files in a logical order
- Describe any column/variable names (especially units)
- Include which scripts specific outputs come from

## Project structure: Every folder should contain a README to explain what it contains
- Raw Data: Data imported into your project from some datasource. Mostly excel or txt documents. Metadata should include date of download or collection, original source and re-use info.
- Derived Data: Datasets created by altering some raw dataset e.g., merging databases, cleaning up data, subsets, etc. 
- Scripts: Code categorized by what they do and what they generate. 
- Output: Figures, tables, results; anything generated by the script and analysis that isn't another dataset

## File naming conventions: Be as descriptive as possible
- add leading numbers to scripts that indicate order they should be run e.g.
  - 01-data_processing.R
  - 02-model_fitting.R
- Avoid dates/overly generic names (e.g. Fig1_dec19_jpg)
- Name output similarly to script that generated it to link it back to the code
- Use hyphens and underscores, not spaces, this is easier for R to read.

## Clean Coding: Be proactive about tidyness!~
- use #### #### or ctrl-shift-R to create seperate sections within the script
- describe each major step/analysis and why it's being done (e.g. to resize the columns for merging...etc)
- include code author name, software versions, package versions
