<b>Purpose and output of each script described here. </b>

Script 00 - initialization_analysis_preparation

-   setup github connection for version control and cloud storage and tracking changes.

Script 01: The final search string generated by network keyword analysis, implemented in literature databases to find relevant results.

-   setup 'litsearchr' to facilitate search string selection for meta-analysis. Uses bibliographic info from 'naive_search' to inform keyword and search term optimization. Saves search strings to 'output'
-   final_searchstringsearch-inEnglish.txt

Script 02: Initial screening of bibliogrpahic dataframe and deduplication using EXACT and title string distances

-   using 'synthesisr' to import and screen the initial search results for duplicates. Bibliographic info for searches are saved in raw_data, see excel file for search terms and dates. Saves de-deuplicated results from the initial search to 'output'

-   deduplicated_initialsearch_02.ris

Script 02-1: Does the same as script 2 but with bibliographies that have been "repaired" using bibfix shinyapp (<https://estech.shinyapps.io/bibfix/>).

-   Repaired fields can include titles, abstract, unique identifiers (e.g. DOIs), publication years, etc. NOTE not all data can be 'repaired' and have to be manually cleaned.

-   deduplicated_bib_02-01.ris

Script 03: Screening using 'metagear'; uses a GUI interface to screen abstracts into select categories

-   effort\_*SCREENERNAME*.csv; this file outputs the decisions made using the metagear abstract screener function.

Script 03-1: Screening using revtools; shinyapp interface to model 'topic's in the research corpus into distinct themes based on titles and abstracts; depends on the % of common and rare terms to include

-   revtools_topic_map_03-1.png;
